h2. What's S5? What's S6?

Simple Standards-based Slide Show System (S5) is Eric Meyer's (of CSS fame) public domain (free, open source)
slide show package inspired by Opera Show and others that works in all modern browsers
without any plugin required because it includes its own slide show machinery in JavaScript. More "S5 Project Site &raquo;":http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/s5

S6 started as a rewrite of Eric Meyer's S5 using the jQuery JavaScript library - offering easier to understand and easier
to extend code. Add plugins, effects and more. Contributions welcome!

h2. What's Slide Show (S9)? Slide Show Generator for S6 

A Ruby gem that lets you create slide shows and author slides in plain text using
a wiki-style markup language that's easy-to-write and easy-to-read and ships "out-of-the-gem"
with S6 templates built-in. More "Slide Show ==(S9)== Project Site &raquo;":http://slideshow.rubyforge.org 

h2. S6 in Action - Sample Slide Shows Online

Try some slide show samples powered by S6:

* "Slide Show (S9) 10-Minute Tutorial":http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/tutorial.html
* "Prototype vs jQuery: To and from JavaScript Libraries":http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/jquery.html
* "Adding Semantics to Your Web Site / RDF, RDFa, Microformats / Web 3.0 in Action":http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/friends.html
* "Ruby 1.9: What to Expect":http://slideshow.rubyforge.org/ruby19.html

Keyboard controls:

|_. Action             |_. Key |
| Go to next slide     | Space Bar, Right Arrow Down Arrow, Page Down  |
| Go to previous slide | Left Arrow, Up Arrow, Page Up |
| Go to first slide    | Home |
| Go to last slide     | End |
| Toggle between slideshow and outline view (&#216;) | T |
| Show/hide slide controls (&#216; &laquo; &raquo;)  | C, Move mouse to bottom right corner |

h2. About, License - Questions? Comments?

License. The slide show scripts and templates are dedicated to the <a href='http://creativecommons.org/licenses/publicdomain'>public domain</a>.
Use it as you please with no restrictions whatsoever.

Questions? Comments? Send them along to the
"Free Web Slide Show Alternatives (S5, S6, S9, Slidy And Friends) Forum/Mailing List":http://groups.google.com/group/webslideshow.
Thanks!
